org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/SubmissionDtoTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.SubmissionDtoTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/SamlAuthTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.SamlAuthTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/crypto/CryptoServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.crypto.CryptoServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/ClassTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.ClassTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/module/xss/XssTutorialResponseTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.module.xss.XssTutorialResponseTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/configuration/CrossOriginConfigurationTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.configuration.CrossOriginConfigurationTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/exception/XssEvaluationExceptionTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.exception.XssEvaluationExceptionTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/ModuleListItemTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.ModuleListItemTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/UserTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.UserTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/UserAuthTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.UserAuthTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/ModuleSolutionsTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.ModuleSolutionsTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/ScoreServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.ScoreServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/RoleTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.RoleTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/module/xss/XssTutorialTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.module.xss.XssTutorialTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/controller/UserControllerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.controller.UserControllerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/AuthenticationManagerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.AuthenticationManagerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/ModuleServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.ModuleServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/CorrectionServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.CorrectionServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/SecurityContextRepositoryTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.SecurityContextRepositoryTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/FlagHandlerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.FlagHandlerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/ClassServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.ClassServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/module/sql/SqlInjectionDatabaseClientFactoryTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.module.sql.SqlInjectionDatabaseClientFactoryTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/PasswordLoginDtoTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.PasswordLoginDtoTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/util/TestUtils.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.util.TestUtils
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/UserServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.UserServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/exception/ClassIdNotFoundExceptionTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.exception.ClassIdNotFoundExceptionTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/CorrectionTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.CorrectionTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/ModulePointTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.ModulePointTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/module/sql/SqlInjectionTutorialTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.module.sql.SqlInjectionTutorialTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/ConfigurationServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.ConfigurationServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/controller/ControllerAuthenticationTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.controller.ControllerAuthenticationTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/module/sql/SqlInjectionTutorialControllerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.module.sql.SqlInjectionTutorialControllerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/AuthResponseTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.AuthResponseTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/application/StartupRunnerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.application.StartupRunnerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/XssServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.XssServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/PasswordRegistrationDtoTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.PasswordRegistrationDtoTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/controller/ModuleControllerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.controller.ModuleControllerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/crypto/KeyServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.crypto.KeyServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/configuration/PasswordEncoderConfigurationTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.configuration.PasswordEncoderConfigurationTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/ConfigurationTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.ConfigurationTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/controller/LoginControllerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.controller.LoginControllerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/crypto/CryptoFactoryTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.crypto.CryptoFactoryTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/module/xss/XssWebClientFactoryTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.module.xss.XssWebClientFactoryTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/configuration/ObjectMapperConfigurationTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.configuration.ObjectMapperConfigurationTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/module/sql/SqlInjectionTutorialRowTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.module.sql.SqlInjectionTutorialRowTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/service/SubmissonServiceTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.service.SubmissonServiceTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/ScoreboardEntryTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.ScoreboardEntryTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/SubmissionTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.SubmissionTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/controller/FlagControllerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.controller.FlagControllerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/module/xss/XssTutorialControllerTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.module.xss.XssTutorialControllerTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/ModuleTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.ModuleTest
org/owasp/securityshepherd/test/model/PasswordAuthTest.java
 org.owasp.securityshepherd.test.model.PasswordAuthTest
